Look who's awake.
How'd you sleep?
Better than ever.
Delivery from Shep and Lyana.
Another one?
They're happy you're back.
And so are we.
Where's Crosshair?
He wasn't in the ship when we woke up.
He's still adjusting.
I'll check on him.
Greetings, Omega!
Shep and Lyana found you then?
Their ability to do so is uncanny.
I know what you're doing, Crosshair,
but you can't keep hiding.
You need to talk to Hunter.
I'm not hiding. I'm training.
You know, I'm sure AZI
could look at your hand for you.
I'm fine.
So what skills does this require,
besides good sight?
Being a sniper is more than
just looking through a scope.
It's about patience.
Reading the environment.
And knowing when you've got eyes on you.
They don't trust me.
Give it time.
But you will have to talk to them.
Hmm.
Not sure it was a good idea
to give Crosshair back his rifle.
Omega trusts him.
That's good enough for me.
It's Echo!
Perfect.
I have tabulated your shooting accuracy.
Your target success rate today was at 53%.
Well below your average.
Glad to see you're back safe.
What? No hug for me?
That depends
how good your intel is.
They were using clones
for testing, taking samples.
Most were held in the detention wing,
but I never saw what was in the vault.
Even Emerie wasn't allowed access.
Emerie?
She works for Hemlock.
She's a clone, like us. Like me.
And what about you? Anything else to add?
I was a prisoner. Not much to tell.
We've been searching for this base
for a long time.
Accurate intel's hard to come by.
We need to know all we can
before making any moves.
We have Nala Se's datapad,
but it isn't working anymore.
If we can get it online, we should be able
to pull more intel on Tantiss.
It could have schematics, entry points.
Maybe even the coordinates
of the base itself.
Imperial encryption will be a problem,
especially without Tech.
Plugging it into an Imperial terminal
will bypass the encryption.
Where do we get one of those?
I know a facility.
Remote, understaffed.
It shouldn't be a problem to infiltrate.
Crosshair, Echo, and I
will go to this remote facility.
Wrecker and Omega, you stay here.
We're finally together
and you want to split us up?
We just got you back.
I am not going to risk
you getting captured again.
Yeah, we escaped,
but I left all those clones behind.
I need to do this, Hunter.
Don't hold it against him.
He's only worried about you.
I know.
You think I should stay behind too?
You're capable, but you are still a kid.
I'm older than you are,
little brother.
I don't know if this'll fit still,
but, uh, here.
My old armor.
Yeah, it never felt right
to get rid of it.
On approach.
Reading minimal life signs, if any.
No heat signatures inside of the depots,
and nothing on comms.
There's no one here.
Hey, it does fit.
You said this outpost was remote,
not abandoned entirely.
Well, I didn't get
daily intel briefings in my cell.
I get the feeling there's more
to this place than you're saying.
Batcher, what is it?
Uh, what's going on?
The sensors are giving off
a high-frequency tone.
She must be reacting to it.
What are the sensors for?
Perimeter detection against local raiders.
You didn't think to warn us
about these raiders before?
No, they were all dealt with.
And how do you know that?
Take a guess.
Just following orders?
If you're scared,
why don't you wait on the ship?
Hey, kill each other later.
We're here for a reason.
Let's crack into the datapad
and get out of here.
I said talk to him, not argue with him.
He started it.
The power to this outpost has been
nearly depleted by the sensor beacons.
Then we need to divert
all power to this depot.
On it.
So why'd the Empire abandon this place?
I guess it served its purpose.
Hmm. Sounds familiar.
That should do it.
Ah, it's working.
Look at this manifest.
There are even more clone prisoners
on Tantiss than we thought.
Where are you going?
To check the perimeter.
Uh, let them work it out.
We have to finish this data transfer.
Are you going to be my shadow everywhere?
I know you.
There's more you're not telling us,
and I'm done waiting.
Start talking, Crosshair.
What did you do to finally get on
the Empire's bad side?
Betray them, like you did with us?
Any schematics on there?
None that I'm seeing.
Just medical records.
I think this is all we're gonna get.
At least it's something.
Batcher?
Something's wrong.
You thought we'd take you back
and not ask questions?
I don't think so.
Tell me what changed.
What happened, Crosshair?
I killed an Imperial officer.
So, yes, I did betray them
after they betrayed me.
Oh, don't pretend
like this is all about me.
I tried to warn you, Hunter.
I risked everything
to send you that message.
You ignored it.
You let Omega be taken to Tantiss.
She went through what she did
because you failed.
You're angry because she escaped
with my help, not yours.
Move!
Hurry!
I guess we know what the perimeter sensors
are meant to keep out.
Great. What now?
No chance of digging out the ship
with that thing out there.
We have to restore power
to the sensor beacons.
There's a fuse box for the reserve
energy grid in the back of this compound.
One of us needs to get over there
and reset the grid manually.
I'll do it.
And I can get the defense system
reactivated once power's back.
We'll have to draw the creature
beyond the sensors before they reboot,
or we'll be trapped inside the perimeter
with that thing.
I'll handle it.
Not alone. We'll do it together.
You sure about that?
I'll spot you both from the tower.
Then let's get to it
before it tears this place apart.
Three o'clock!
Hunter!
Why?
Why is there always a huge monster?
Echo, do you see it?
I don't have a visual.
Can you get outside
the perimeter from down there?
I'll follow the tunnel north. Find out.
We'll track you from up here.
Huh?
Target spotted.
It's right on your tail.
- About a hundred meters and closing.
- Got it.
I think I just made it angrier.
Fantastic.
Okay, I found the fuse box.
Good. Now prime the breaker.
You're about 400 meters
from the perimeter.
No sign of that thing.
We found a weak point in the ice.
We'll try to dig through.
You'll try?
Glad you heard me properly.
All right. Breaker's primed.
What next, kid?
Cycle the navigator. That should
be to the right of the main breaker.
Things are getting close in here.
Am I gonna have a way out or not?
If you end up where we hope you do.
Boom! Power's online.
Hunter, should I activate the beacon?
Wait! We have to make sure
the wyrm is past the perimeter.
Get up here!
Not yet.
Where's the wyrm? I can't find it.
It's past the perimeter!
Omega, activate the sensors!
Bringing them online now.
See? They always work it out.
And I don't even see any blood this time.
That's progress.
Do you think the intel we recovered
will help you and Rex?
We still don't know
the coordinates of Tantiss.
But between the datapad
and all you and Crosshair have told me,
we're closer to finding
and freeing those clones.
I wish I could've done more to help them.
You did all you could, kid.
And you did exactly
what you're supposed to do.
You got out of there.
Hunter?
I...
I thought I knew what I was
getting into with the Empire.
I thought I was being a good soldier.
Nobody really understood
what was happening back then.
I've done things.
I've made mistakes.
I have regrets too, Crosshair.
All we can do is keep trying to be better.
And who knows?
There just might be hope for us yet.